This series of wars spanned about 400 years. There were nine wars, but only the first four are commonly viewed as "important". Although these wars were mostly between the Turks and the European Kingdoms, other nations such as Egypt and Byzantine were wrapped in. For 10 points, name these religious conquests for the Holy Land.::Crusades::10
This Roman Dictator lead the Gallic wars and conquered Gaul. He was technically not an emperor, although he is typically associated with imperial rule. His grandson/adopted son rose to power through the second triumvirate, becoming Emperor of Rome. For 10 points, name the Roman ruler stabbed 23 times on the Ides of March.::Julius Caesar::10
This Renaissance artist designed the dome on St. Peter's Basilica, as commissioned by the Vatican. However, he is most well known for his sculptures. His most famous works include the Creation of Adam on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, as well as the statue of David. Name this artist (last name).::Michelangelo::10
This is the host of Jeopardy.::Alex Trebek::10
This Roman god was considered the second most important god, inferior only to Jupiter. The Greek's disliked their equivalent of this god, although the Romans idolized him. This god was believed to be the father of Romulus and Remus, the founders of Rome. A spring month and a planet are both named after this god. For 10 points, name the Roman equivalent to Ares, the Greek god of war.::Mars::10
This country is the fifth largest by area and sixth largest by population, and it is currently considered to be the world's largest producer of coffee. This nation's "fight" for independence was mostly peaceful and uncontested, compared to the other revolutions in the region surrounding it. For 10 points, name this South American nation that hosted the 2016 Olympic Games.::Brazil::10
This sport was first created by James Naismith in Springfield, Massachusetts in the year 1891. The goal of the game is to get the ball into the other team's basket. For 10 points, name this sport.::Basketball::10
This teacher at BCA has previously climbed a mountain and he enjoys cooking and playing the flute. He first taught middle school math before coming to BCA to teach computer science. For 10 points name this amazing teacher. (format your answer: Mr./Mrs.teachername)::Mr. Respass::10
This planet is made mostly of hydrogen and helium, although it is a gas giant, it has a rocky core. Recent spacecrafts to visit this planet include Juno and Galileo. This planet is orbited by over 50 moons, including the Galilean Moons. For 10 points, name the largest planet in the Solar Systen, named after the Roman equivalent of Zeus::Jupiter::10
This youtuber was born in 2001 and is currently 18 years old. He lives in England and his content is really bad. He has a mum named Jill and he is often associated with coping mrbeast's videos. For 10 points, name this youtuber with the full name of Morgan Hudson.::Morgz::10
This video game was released in early December of 2019 by Nintendo. The game, along with the others from the series, is directed by Masahiro Sakurai. For 10 points, give the full name of the platform fighting game with over 75 fighters with even more to come as DLC.::Super Smash Bros Ultimate::10

